feat: add azure dev ops guide (#481)
nitrictech/docs: src/pages/guides/getting-started/azure-pipelines.mdx

export const description =
  'Deploy to AWS, Google Cloud or Microsoft Azure using Azure DevOps and the Nitric CLI'

# Deployment Automation with Azure Pipelines and Nitric

This guide will illustrate how Nitric can be integrated with Azure Pipelines to establish a continuous deployment pipeline. The example below focuses on AWS, but with minor adjustments, it can be adapted for Google Cloud or Microsoft Azure.

<Note>
  This guide assumes basic knowledge about Azure Pipelines. If you're
  unfamiliar, it's recommended to go through [Azure Pipelines
  documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/get-started/what-is-azure-pipelines)
  first.
</Note>

> #### Pipeline Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Pipeline Setup
```

export const description =
  'Deploy to AWS, Google Cloud or Microsoft Azure using Azure DevOps and the Nitric CLI'

### Deployment Automation with Azure Pipelines and Nitric

> This guide will illustrate how Nitric can be integrated with Azure Pipelines to establish a continuous deployment pipeline. The example below focuses on AWS, but with minor adjustments, it can be adapted for Google Cloud or Microsoft Azure.

Reviewer 2: Guide looks good, only thought is that it's a bit strange for us to do an AWS example with Azure Devops.

Author: Yeh fair call, will add steps for Azure as the primary.

export const description =
  'Deploy to AWS, Google Cloud or Microsoft Azure using Azure DevOps and the Nitric CLI'

### Deployment Automation with Azure Pipelines and Nitric

This guide will illustrate how Nitric can be integrated with Azure Pipelines to establish a continuous deployment pipeline. The example below focuses on AWS, but with minor adjustments, it can be adapted for Google Cloud or Microsoft Azure.

<Note>
  This guide assumes basic knowledge about Azure Pipelines. If you're
  unfamiliar, it's recommended to go through [Azure Pipelines
  documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/get-started/what-is-azure-pipelines)
  first.
</Note>

#### Pipeline Setup

> Firstly, ensure you have a Nitric project prepared for deployment. If not, refer to Nitric's [quickstart guide](https://nitric.io/docs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firstly, ensure you have a Nitric project prepared for deployment. If not, refer to Nitric's [quickstart guide](/guides/getting-started/quickstart).
```

Then, you'll need to create an Azure Pipelines YAML file for your project. This will dictate the automated deployment steps. Let's name this file `azure-pipelines.yml`.

Below is the example content for your pipeline file. We'll explain each segment afterward, allowing you to adjust as needed:

```yaml
trigger:
  - main

pool:
  vmImage: ubuntu-latest

steps:
  - task: NodeTool@0
    inputs:
      versionSpec: '10.x'
    displayName: 'Install Node.js'

>   - script: |

Reviewer: Is this npm install or node required?

      nitric up --ci
    displayName: 'Install Pulumi, Nitric, and Azure CLI'
    env:
      PULUMI_CONFIG_PASSPHRASE: $(PULUMI_CONFIG_PASSPHRASE)
      PULUMI_ACCESS_TOKEN: $(PULUMI_ACCESS_TOKEN)
      AZURE_CLIENT_ID: $(AZURE_CLIENT_ID)
      AZURE_TENANT_ID: $(AZURE_TENANT_ID)
      AZURE_CERTIFICATE_PATH: $(AZURE_CERTIFICATE_PATH)
```

## Breaking it down

### Pipeline Triggers

Triggers indicate when the pipeline should execute:

```yaml
trigger:
  - main
```

The above config will activate the pipeline each time there's a commit to the main branch.

### Virtual Machine Image

Define the [virtual machine image](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/hosted?view=azure-devops&tabs=yaml) on which the pipeline runs:

```yaml
pool:
  vmImage: ubuntu-latest
```

### Installing Node.js

The next step is to install Node.js, a requirement for many modern web projects:

```yaml
- task: NodeTool@0
  inputs:
    versionSpec: '10.x'
  displayName: 'Install Node.js'
```

### Installing Dependencies

Use the following step to install project dependencies for your project, we used `npm install` here for a node project:

```yaml
- script: |
    npm install

>   displayName: 'npm install and build'

Reviewer: as above
